some interactive scenarios and blogs added (#1)
walidshaari/PrometheusCertifiedAssociate: README.md

# Linux Foundation Prometheus Certified Associate PCA Beta

<p align="center">
  <img width="240" src="https://training.linuxfoundation.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Training_Badge_Prometheus_V2-2-300x300.png">
</p>

Prometheus Certified Associate (PCA) Certification
### Exam Brief 
- Duration - 90 minutes 

> - Cost - $250 One (1) year exam eligibility, with a free retake within the year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cost - $250, with a free retake within the year. This registration is valid for 12 months from the date of purchase, or when your corporate subscription expires (whichever happens first).
```

Author: /LGTM, Thanks Meha!

1. [Linux Foundation official course LFS241 monitoring systems and services with prometheus ](https://training.linuxfoundation.org/training/monitoring-systems-and-services-with-prometheus-lfs241/)
1. [PluralSight/acloud guru Prometheus deep dive](https://acloudguru.com/course/prometheus-deep-dive)

### Interactive Scenarios 
- [Sysdig Hands on Interactive Scenarios](https://learn.sysdig.com/page/open-source)
- [promlabs](https://demo.promlabs.com)

> - [promlens](https://demo.promlens.com)

Reviewer: Repeatedly written; remove last line content and keep a blank line at last.
